My dear Bell the soul a head of your
time this is a small village you are the
one ordered in I've ever seen
noted in that and it small-minded as
well but small also please save please
come to my father columns the light look
a girl who said that
allo oh you can talk well of course it's
all unit does lovely tonight your
acquaintance what does he do a trace on
the last fall we're not there
remember before and we become anxious
what is he doing
you have to help me if she is the one
who'll break this spell you must finally
learn to love have you really read every
one of these books
sometime quick who as it can be
ha
mmm
you
rising English
no not me
[Music]